# Insert Delete GetRandom O(1)
Implement the `RandomizedSet` class:
- `RandomizedSet()` Initializes the `RandomizedSet` object.
- `bool insert(int val)` Inserts an item `val` into the set if not present. Returns `true` if the item was not present, `false` otherwise.
- `bool remove(int val)` Removes an item `val` from the set if present. Returns `true` if the item was present, `false` otherwise.
- `int getRandom()` Returns a random element from the current set of elements (it's guaranteed that at least one element exists when this method is called). Each element must have the **same probability** of being returned.

You must implement the functions of the class such that each function works in average `O(1)` time complexity.

#### Constraints:
- `-2^31 <= val <= 2^31 - 1`
- At most `2 * 10^5` calls will be made to `insert`, `remove`, and `getRandom`.
- There will be at least one element in the data structure when `getRandom` is called.

## Solution
```cpp
class RandomizedSet {
private:
    std::vector<int> values;
    std::unordered_map<int, int> index;

public:
    RandomizedSet() {}
    
    bool insert(int val) {
        if (index.find(val) != index.end()) return false;
        index[val] = values.size();
        values.push_back(val);
        return true;
    }
    
    bool remove(int val) {
        auto It = index.find(val);
        if (It == index.end()) return false;
        
        int idx = It->second;
        int bck = values.back();

        values[idx] = bck;
        index[bck] = idx;

        values.pop_back();
        index.erase(val);
        return true;
    }
    
    int getRandom() {
        return values[rand() % values.size()];
    }
};

/**
 * Your RandomizedSet object will be instantiated and called as such:
 * RandomizedSet* obj = new RandomizedSet();
 * bool param_1 = obj->insert(val);
 * bool param_2 = obj->remove(val);
 * int param_3 = obj->getRandom();
 */
 ```